---
created: 2025-12-29T10:08
updated: 2025-12-29T10:11
---
[[end year appraisal]]
	- zelf reflectie input naar [[Bob Veurman]]
		
**End of 2023 the EBM analysts have full responsibility and control over and manage data creation, availability and quality for data the EBM team creates and works with.**
- The orchestration has been setup (using Composer) and I've supported Frank, Isabel, Henrique and Linda to setup pipelines for their work as well. Recently we've also moved the new click_data processing to this setup.
			  
	For some pipelines this will further develop and change with the choice of BI to use DBT to manage SQL.
- sGTM is up and running and customer data is being enriched
- Data quality and the mentioned processing pipelines are monitored via Slack notifications. This works (surprisingly) well but can and will be further improved
- **Ensure that all workstreams have access to the right data insights on search behavior to identify opportunities, assess impact, and measure the results of experiments and actions.**
- The processing pipeline and the dataset for findability has been set-up and further developed throughout the year.
- More mappings and insights are developed continuously as needed and new metrics have been developed.
- I've been happy to work with all other workstreams a lot and with Eric in particular for strategy and shape our plans going forward. It was great to have the data driven influence on our work. Ie the realization that some of our existing workstreams were too 'niche' and we really should focus on zero-results.
- I'm quite proud that we've now got a situation where we can quite well make good guestimates on impact on quite precise actions.
- Support for other collegeas (Fernanda, Saurav, ..) could/should have been better, but was difficult to achieve also due to workload and 'distance' (not being in the same office space). This is something I want to improve and focus more on upcoming year.
- Backtesting capabilities of ranking improvements is almost done.			  
  would have loved to be more involved here after laying down the initial idea and approach.
**Increase the velocity of experimentation, making analysis no longer a bottleneck for running experiments by the end of 2023.**
- Thijs did an excellent job in setting up the analysis and dashboarding. By running into the same challenges and questions as I did before, we now have an analysis process with a lot of trust in its outcomes. I keep being involved and especially in making sure we make it as easy as possible to draw the right conclusions from every test.
**Team/capabilities**
	- Quite proud of the work we did and how everyone further improved as analysts (and CRO ;)). Worked a lot together and coached and supported a lot.
	- My supporting role falls a bit short in cases where things are not going well and the other person hasn't got the 'right/easy attitude' in terms of improvements. ie could/should have put more time and effort in Youp and Henrique
				- Working together with Thijs on the LLM solutions was great. Coming up with the idea and seeing the potential and then have Thijs fix it and build a POC in a few weeks, this was great. Good example of the potential of working with the iterative process with the right people and focus.
				- Working together with Frank on the whole setup of the click data is also going well. We achieved a very good setup with the tracking, server side gtm, enrichment of customer data and the whole processing in GBQ and the quality monitoring of this data.
**persoonlijke ontwikkeling van competenties**
- Learned a lot about search specific domain expertise. This includes domain specific metrics, technical things but also user behaviour in terms of search and findability.
				  
  'industry best practices' on how to test and improve things.
- Learned a lot especially on the data engineering area. Discovering and learning quite a bit of tools within the google cloud product stack and do's and don'ts of proper data processing orchestration
- As mentioned, I want to further improve in my coaching/supporting of people that are a bit more difficult to coach
- Being transparent on work and priorities remains an area of improvement. I've started adopting a new way of note taking and this helps greatly in being more organised. Will continue this in the new year.
	