---
created: 2025-12-29T14:21
updated: 2025-12-29T14:21
---
- #[[Grid Dynamics]] workshop answers
	- 2* Please could you confirm the approximate volume of user events and how frequently we could pick up event data.
		- depends on the definition of 'user events'. But assuming you mean this in regards to the search itself and not user actions on the search results (clicks, filters, scrolls) we are looking at:
			- Search suggestions (including autocomplete): between 1.15 and 1.4M per day
			- search: 400k - 600k per day
	- examples of problematic searches:
		- item searches for numbers we don't know, but we might have similar products
			- 794305
				- unknown product number
				- we can find out it's a briggs & stratton manifold intake
				- we've got other manifold intakes from Briggs & Stratton, but we DO NOT want to show them since they won't fit. 
				  but, sometimes we DO have alternatives that fit and then we DO want to show those. Should be possible to glean this from the product attribute data, but not always possible.
		- item searches unclear replacements
			- 799866
				- we show no results
				- we do have 799868, but it's a different version of the product-> DO NOT SHOW
				- other websites show also 794304 as a possible item number for this product. We do have 799871 as a replacement for 794304. Judging from this, we could assume 799871 would be the proper result for 799866, but not linked this way currently in our data
		- term searches that need specific terminology, but terms are used together and it's not clear if these are exactly the same.
			- 'keilriemen' vs 'rippenriemen' (German)
				- seem to be a technical difference between the two, but we do have 'rippenriemen' in a category called 'keilriemen'.
				- users are even searching for 'keilrippenriemen'
		- broad term searches (we have many!)
			- 'buchse' in german. we have over 18k results that seem to match since there is 'buchse' in the product data
			- 'cilinder' in dutch
		- broad technical attribute searches
			- 'm20' we have many (vastly different)products that will fit this search query
		- technical attribute is 'assumed' or is synonym for application
			- 'haspel 230v' this is simply meaning a 'haspel' for electric cable. we don't have 230v specified in our products for this
				- cant use synonym since this might be very specific in other applications (see next example)
		- technical attribute with specifications 'close' or within 'range'
			- 'stopcontact 220v'
				- we have '250v' as attribute in our data
			- 'waterpump 230v'
				- we have '220-240V' as a range in our specifications
		- other cases need to be exact within ie 1mm for specifications
			- 'kraftstoffschlauch 7mm'
				- we do have kraftstoffschlauch 8mm, but this *might* not be a good result.
		-