---
created: 2025-12-29T14:10
updated: 2025-12-29T14:10
---
Feedback [[anouk]]
	- appreciate about my work and contributions:
		- you're eager to learn and not afraid for a challenge and jump right in. It's awesome to see how you took on the task of creating the recommenders dataset.
		- I appreciate it you are very easy to work with, very kind and open in communication.
		- you ask questions and are not afraid to ask for help. which is the best! keep asking them!
	- Could you identify three areas where I might be hindering my progress?
		- not sure if I can properly give feedback on this since you just started with us and many things are only 'natural' if you are new to any company and team. That said, a few things I could see being a challenge;
			- - you are very helpful and eager to help and you bring a specific skill set. this can be a risk as you are asked for things where your personal ambitions/goals don't align(?) don't be afraid to push back, or speak out on your vision.
			- this also applies to priority setting. it's difficult to balance those as a product analyst, especially if you also get/have a bit of a central role across teams. (or can play a role). everyone thinks their question or idea has the highest priority and it can be hard to keep a higher level perspective on them (both kramp wide and personal)
			- you already provide good feedback when you identify and raise issues while staying a bit 'too polite' per haps. Don't be afraid to be concrete and ask others to be as well. 
			  ie, I now see you raising a tracking issue with detailed info to Frank, but the main message/question of the email is 'can this be fixed?' . 
			  well yes of course it can! the question is, when, what priority has this (help frank with identifying the value of this data/issue!), does it need to be fixed historically? (can it according to you?, does it need to be?) 
			  now frank has to ask for all those things. He will, he is a capable senior. but others might not and just leave this be as a low prio (and difficult ;)) matter.
			-
	- Start doing
		- once you get more familiar and experienced with the data side, try to start to put more time and emphasis on the business and user side of the question(s); is the business even asking the right question? (what are they trying to achieve), how would my data insight impact/influence decision making? How does this translate to the user behaviour and scenarios? Only then the data comes into play ;) 
		  it's a tough challenge to go from hunting tracking/data issues to challenging the business on their KPIs or questions and back.
		- pause and reflect on priorities and your personal ambition. See how and where they align and try to focus on moving towards those areas/goals. ie; I still don't *really* know if you want to take a role in the whole tracking and click data process or if you'd rather focus on other things.
		- already said it in the previous topic a bit; always think of the first questions someone will ask you when you initiate communication, and where possible already answer them in your initial email/message/communication. 
		  this also applies to any reports and insights you present; always be thinking a few steps ahead and either answer the obvious questions in your dashboard/slides (what happend on day x? ) and/or have this information available (backup slides, notes, deep dive dashboards, etc. )